update node sdk to v1.0.0 (#11)
berbix/berbix-node: README.md

- `phone` - Previously verified phone number for a user.
- `customerUid` - An ID or identifier for the user in your system.
- `templateKey` - The template key for this transaction.
- Deprecated: `hostedOptions` - Optional configuration object for creating hosted transactions. The `hostedOptions` object can optionally include the following fields:
  - `completionEmail` - Email address to which completion alerts will be sent for this transaction.
  - `redirectUrl` - URL to redirect the user to after they complete the transaction. If not specified, the URL specified in the Berbix dashboard will be used instead.

##### `createHostedTransaction(options : object): object`

> Creates a hosted transaction within Berbix to initialize the client SDK. This works the same as create_transaction except that it returns an explicit `hosted_url` for hosted transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a hosted transaction within Berbix to initialize the client SDK. This works the same as `createTransaction()` except that the object returned includes an explicit `hostedUrl` property for hosted transactions.
```
